docs: update readme getting started instructions (#25)
gemini-cli-extensions/mysql: README.md

## Additional Extensions

Find additional extensions to support your entire software development lifecycle at [github.com/gemini-cli-extensions](https://github.com/gemini-cli-extensions), including:

> * [Cloud SQL for MySQL extension](https://github.com/gemini-cli-extensions/cloud-sql-mysql)

Reviewer: wondering if this is a mistake since this repo is for generic mysql.

* and more!

## Troubleshooting

* "✖ Error during discovery for server: MCP error -32000: Connection closed": The database connection has not been established. Ensure your configuration is set via environment variables.

> * "✖ MCP ERROR: Error: spawn /Users/<USER>/.gemini/extensions/cloud-sql-sqlserver/toolbox ENOENT": The Toolbox binary did not download correctly. Ensure you are using Gemini CLI v0.6.0+.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* "✖ MCP ERROR: Error: spawn /Users/<USER>/.gemini/extensions/mysql/toolbox ENOENT": The Toolbox binary did not download correctly. Ensure you are using Gemini CLI v0.6.0+.
```
